Bump cfy-cluster-manager to v1.0.9 (#1817)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/install_maintain/installation/cfy-cluster-manager.md

### Upgrading a {{< param product_name >}} cluster

> The {{< param product_name >}} cluster can be upgraded from v5.1.0 to higher versions using the following command:

Author: @ofercloudify, I wrote "higher versions", but we can also specify the specific versions allowed for upgrading.

> The {{< param product_name >}} cluster can be upgraded from v5.1.0 to higher versions using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{< param product_name >}} cluster can be upgraded from v5.1.0 (or any later release) to a more recent version using the following command:
```
